Updated graphing distributions Docs page (#5067)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/metrics/distributions.md

## Overview

> Distributions are a metric type in that aggregate the values that are sent from multiple hosts during a flush interval to measure statistical distributions across your entire infrastructure server-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distributions are a metric type that aggregate values sent from multiple hosts during a flush interval to measure statistical distributions across your entire infrastructure.
```

> Global distributions are designed to instrument logical objects, like services, independently from the underlying hosts. Unlike histograms [1] which aggregate on the Agent-side, global distributions send all raw data collected during the flush interval and the aggregation occurs server-side. Because the underlying data structure has not been aggregated and represents raw data, distributions provide two major features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global distributions are designed to instrument logical objects, like services, independently from the underlying hosts. Unlike [histograms][1] which aggregate on the Agent-side, global distributions send all raw data collected during the flush interval and the aggregation occurs server-side. Because the underlying data structure has not been aggregated and represents raw data, distributions provide two major features:
```

* **Calculation of percentile aggregations**: Percentile aggregations (p50, p75, p90, p95, p99) are calculated from the raw data across all hosts, and are therefore globally accurate.

* **Customization of tagging**: This functionality allows you to control the tagging scheme for metrics for which host-level granularity is not necessary (e.g. transactions per second for a checkout service).

> See the [Developer Tools section][2] for more implementation details. Please note that since distributions are a new metric type, they should be instrumented under new metric names during submission to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Developer Tools section][2] for more implementation details. **Note**: Since distributions are a different metric type, any previously submitted metrics should be instrumented under new metric names.
```

Author: same as earlier comment - distributions should be submitted under new metric names not that previously submitted metrics should be renamed

## Aggregations

> Like other metric types, such as `gauges` or `histograms`, distributions have the following aggregations available: `count`, `min`, `max`, `sum`, and `avg`. Distributions are initially tagged the same way as other metrics (with custom tags set in code) and are resolved to any host tag based on the host that reported the metric. You can also calculate percentile aggregations for a set of tags (up to 10) you specify in the [distribution UI][3]. This will provide aggregations for `p50`, `p75`, `p90`, `p95`, and `p99`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like other metric types, such as `gauges` or `histograms`, distributions have the following aggregations available: `count`, `min`, `max`, `sum`, and `avg`. Distributions are initially tagged the same way as other metrics (with custom tags set in code) and are resolved to any host tag based on the host that reported the metric. You can also calculate percentile aggregations for a set of tags (up to ten) specified on the [Distribution Metrics][3] page. This provides aggregations for `p50`, `p75`, `p90`, `p95`, and `p99`.
```

> ## Customize Tagging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customize tagging
```

> Distributions provide new functionality that allows you to control the tagging for metrics for which host-level granularity does not make sense. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distributions provide functionality that allows you to control the tagging for metrics where host-level granularity does not make sense. 
```

To customize tagging, hover over your metric in the table, and click on the pencil icon to edit. In the modal that pops up, select *Custom...*. There is a _whitelist_ of the tags you have defined in code by default. You can remove any of these tags or add any host-level tags back in. 

> Note: The exclusion of tags is not supported in this whitelist-based customization of tags. Adding tags starting with `!` will not be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The exclusion of tags is not supported in the whitelist-based customization of tags. Adding tags starting with `!` is not accepted.
```

{{< img src="graphing/metrics/distributions/distribution_metric.png" alt="Distribution metric" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

> ## Counting Distribution Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Counting distribution metrics
```

> Distribution metrics with percentile aggregations (p50,p75,p90,p95,p99) generate custom metrics / timeseries differently than gauges, counts, histograms and distributions with nonpercentile aggregations (sum, count, min, max, avg). Because percentiles aren't reaggregatable, Datadog preserves 5 timeseries for every potentially queryable tag combinations. This is different from the # of custom metrics generated from gauges, counts, histograms or distributions with nonpercentile aggregations (dependent on the unique # of tag value combinations that appear in your data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distribution metrics with percentile aggregations (`p50`, `p75`, `p90`, `p95`, `p99`) generate custom metrics or timeseries differently than gauges, counts, histograms, and distributions with nonpercentile aggregations (`sum`, `count`, `min`, `max`, `avg`). Because percentiles aren't reaggregatable, Datadog preserves five timeseries for every potentially queryable tag combination. This is different from the number of custom metrics generated from gauges, counts, histograms, or distributions with nonpercentile aggregations (dependent on the unique number of tag value combinations that appear in your data).
```

> For more information on counting custom metrics created from gauge, count, histogram or distribution metrics with nonpercentile aggregations, please refer to the Custom Metrics page. [4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on counting custom metrics created from gauge, count, histogram, or distribution metrics with nonpercentile aggregations, refer to the [Custom Metrics][4] page.

```

## Case Studies
Distribution metrics are a new type of metric that allows you to obtain the global distribution values across all hosts. Therefore, metrics that are submitted as distribution metrics create custom metrics the same way as other metric types.

> `my.service.latency` is a distribution metric that is being submitted on 500 hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`my.service.latency` is a distribution metric submitted on 500 hosts.
```

Each host is tagged with one of 3 `Availability Zones` (as tagged by the AWS integration) and 20 `Roles` by Chef, Datadog provisioning system.

> Additionally, this metric has been tagged with `Status`, which has 2 values: `Status:Success` or `Status:Fail`, and `Result`, which also has 2 values: `Result:Open` or `Result:Close`. For the following scenarios, we'll assume that both values of the `Status` tag appear with both values of the `Result` tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, this metric is tagged with `Status`, which has two values: `Status:Success` or `Status:Fail`, and `Result`, which also has two values: `Result:Open` or `Result:Close`. For the following scenarios, we'll assume that both values of the `Status` tag appear with both values of the `Result` tag.
```

##### Scenario 1

> Suppose `my.service.latency` is a distribution metric tagged by `Status` and `Result` that only needs to queried with the nonpercentile aggregations such as avg, min, max, sum, count.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suppose `my.service.latency` is a distribution metric tagged by `Status` and `Result` that only needs to queried with the nonpercentile aggregations such as `avg`, `min`, `max`, `sum`, `count`.
```

> Datadog stores 4 timeseries (one for each nonpercentile aggregation: min, max, sum, count -- avg is calculated as the quotient of sum/count) per unique tag value combination that appears. In this case, since every value of `Status` appears with every value of the `Result` tag. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog stores four timeseries (one for each nonpercentile aggregation: `min`, `max`, `sum`, `count` -- `avg` is calculated as the quotient of sum/count) per unique tag value combination that appears. In this case, since every value of `Status` appears with every value of the `Result` tag. 
```
